hey guys HMK here once again with some
hyped news about kin march three and
converts key well not really news but
details that we should seem but didn't
now that's awesome site by kingdom
hearts insider calm or caged insider com
post is this really cool editorial piece
stating that the gun keyblade or the two
shoe blaster that we saw from the
kingdom hearts 3d 2 3 trailer it's not
earth keeper because a lot of people
believe that this was a transformed
oathkeeper you know given the business
to all the Heartless out there now this
key blade is actually more in tuned with
the starlight keyblade the starting
Keyblade from Kingdom Hearts key I'll be
it the third form of the Starlight
Keyblade now if you look at it it's this
is true because the pendant that shows a
little star and the low attachment over
the star is on point with the pendant on
the to shoot blaster also if you look at
the hammer you know the back end of the
guns the hammer clearly matches the hilt
of the Starlight and then the color
scheme matches it that well you know the
blue the purple the yellow the white
it's all there now this begs the
question once again square why are not
importing kingdom hearts key over
internationally why why it's not in
Europe wisin I in America why isn't that
everyone in the world but Japan if you
continue to put more significance on the
connection between these two games I
mean what's the deal by the time Kim are
three comes out is kid Marzouki gonna be
out in America that also begs to
question in my opinion that the reason
why chemistry is not coming out soon is
that they might be planning a kinematic
e international release or something
even though they keep on saying that an
actor of Lisa internationally but it
just makes little to no sense if you're
gonna keep putting all the significance
in that game showing the connection
between that game and this game now the
good thing is that the Keyblade designs
in Kingdom Hearts ki are pretty badass
including the for turkey blades and if
we're gonna use those in canmore three
oh man I can't wait to see those kind of
transformation with those bad boys oh
baby i wanna know what you guys think do
you think the Starlight the third from
the Starlight looks like the to shoot
blaster from
parts through the d23 trailer if so you
know leave in the comment section below
if not live in the comment section below
and if you like this video don't forget
to Like share subscribe all that good
jazz from work in verse 3 News can mar 3
discussions all that stuff it one is
coming every week to this channel of HMK
so till the next one I've been HMK now
check you guys later
you